feat: document migrations flags (#127)
phasehq/docs: src/pages/self-hosting/configuration/envars.mdx

    Required by the [`backend`](https://hub.docker.com/r/phasehq/backend) and [`worker`](https://hub.docker.com/r/phasehq/backend) containers.
  </Property>
  <Property name="EXTERNAL_MIGRATION" type="string">

>     Defaults to `false`. This is ued to control weather the backend container will run database migrations. In a standalone (monolith) deployment setup, you may set this to `false` or use the default value to automatically run the database migrations. In high availability systems (such as Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Nomad) where multiple replicas of the service is bring run concurrently, please set it to `true` and handle the migrations in an a dedicated job for a safe and reliable migration setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Defaults to `false`. This is used to control whether the backend container will run database migrations. In a standalone (monolith) deployment setup, you may set this to `false` or use the default value to automatically run the database migrations. In high availability systems (such as Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Nomad) where multiple replicas of the service is bring run concurrently, please set it to `true` and handle the migrations in an a dedicated job for a safe and reliable migration setup. 
```

    Required by the [`backend`](https://hub.docker.com/r/phasehq/backend) container.
  </Property>
  <Property name="PHASE_LICENSE_OFFLINE" type="string">

>     The environment variable Phase license for self-hosted deployments with egress restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Phase license for self-hosted deployments with egress restrictions.
```
